c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\ShopingListDesktop.exe.config
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\ShopingListDesktop.exe
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\ShopingListDesktop.pdb
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\ShopingListDesktop_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\ShopingListDesktop_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\ShopingListDesktop.g.resources
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\ShopingListDesktop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\ShopingListDesktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\ShopingListDesktop.exe
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\ShopingListDesktop.pdb
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\ListAdd.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\ListAdd.baml
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\App.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\ShopingList.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\ShopingList.baml
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\AddProduct.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\AddProduct.baml
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\ProductEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz.brzozowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopingListDesktop\ShopingListDesktop\obj\Debug\View\ProductEdit.baml
